Save a reference to the LCP and CLS targets in case they are removed from the DOM (#562)
GoogleChrome/web-vitals: README.md

```ts
interface LCPAttribution {
  /**

>    * The selector of the element corresponding to the largest contentful paint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * A selector identifying the element corresponding to the largest contentful paint
```

For consistency with other JSDoc comments.
